sitting here I have a more sample
of my work
we are seeing a beautiful land
so it's a terry bowl
an america in this way yesterday terrier
This little dog is 6 months old
we are in three weeks of
training we are on the street and
Notice how you are already sitting
next to one naturally this work what
we are improving, we still have the
natural failures but despite the type
of breed that is this bitch can already
see how she is sitting there next to one
we go
pause
we started the march
and in his step is respected is
Respecting my step goes next to me already without
me without pulling
still sitting
and there's the order sitting still
naturally from here comes the process of
teach him to lie down to stay still
wave with the other hand
this
but well you observe there
dog with three weeks of work as
is that it is progressing despite the type
of breed that is usually a dog
as with behavioral problems as
to aggressiveness and everything but neither
we can demonize this type of dogs and
that giving them good care a good
Affection from small are able to be
very very good companions and not be
aggressive
I put myself at your service I hope your
releases
email phones and I hope
This video has been to his liking many
Thank you